You know this guy, he's sick.
Get divorced and know him?
Now he's not leaving
It's really him
Don't drive if you don't know how to drive
What should I do if I hit someone?
Mr. Qian, why are you here?
Just passing by
Have fun at work
I can't get up after get off work.
If there is nothing wrong with Mr. Shen, I will withdraw first
Where are you going? I'll take you.
Mr. Jiang, if there is nothing wrong, I will go back first
Is he like me?
I actually didn't know we were fathers
Maybe he knows everything
It's just that there is another man in my heart
Unwilling to admit our identities
thing
Mr. Zheng Zheng
If you have anything, you can say it directly
You like me
It's your business
Help my boss
And what else?
Yeah.
Then I'm leaving.
What's wrong with me today?
Squeeze right